*Calendar and Scheduler (requirement 1)*

1.     Open the app, can you see a page showing the monthly calendar of this month? Then scroll down the page, can you see a page showing the monthly calendar of the previous month?

2.     Click a day in the calendar and click Daily Schedule, can you see a page showing the daily schedule of the day you selected with each row represent 30 minutes?

3.     Click "previous" and “next” button, can you see your daily schedule of yesterday and tomorrow corrspondingly?

4.     Rotate the phone to view horizontally, can you see the interface with three daily schedule?

5.     Back to the monthly calendar, click “Go to” and set the date to 31/12/1949 and click set, can you successfully go to the calendar page of December, 1949? Are there any pop out message box?
 
----

*Adding an Event (Compulsory setting only) (requirement 2)*

1.      Click “+”button and the adding event page displayed, is the default setting of starting and ending date be the current date? 

2.     Is the default setting of the starting time be the closest time in the 5-minutes intervals? And the default ending time be one hour later the starting time?

3.     Enter “abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz12345”(31words) in the name field and set the ending time one hour after current time (default setting), can you add the event?

4.      Enter “Causeway bay” in the location field and click “search” button, is there correct option showed?

5.     Enter “Comp3111H L1” in the name field and set the ending time two hour after current time, is the daily schedule of today with the new event added in a right time session displayed? Is the name of the event shown?

6.     Rotate the phone to view horizontally, can you see the new event added?
 
----

*Synchronization with Google Calendar (requirement 3)*


1.     Click “Google Sync.” and login with a Google account with a wrong password, is there any pop out message displayed?

2.     Login with an existing Google account which has one event on the seventh day later in its Google calendar. Then, select 7 days before and 7 days after and click “synchronize”. Go to the daily schedule page of 7 days after. Is the event appear on the schedule after the synchronization?

3.     Go to Google Calendar with that account. Has the event in the device synchronized to Google?


----

*Timetable Sharing Social Interaction System (requirement 4)*


1.     Click “Sharing” button and click “login”. Is an facebook login box pop up? Click the button "Sign up here", is an facebook registration page displayed ?

2.     Login with an existing Facebook account and then click “Refresh”, is the account’s friend list, which include all friends, showed in the page?

3.     Tick a friend in list, who has shared his/her schedule to you (controlled by another device), and then click “Download”. Click the friend, is his/her daily schedule displayed?

4.    Click another friend in the list, who has not share his/her schedule to you, is there any record displayed ?

5.     Change the friend’s schedule in another device. Tick the friend and click “Download” again, is his/her updated daily schedule shown instead of the old one?

----

*Finding Common Free Time (requirement 5)*

1.	  Tick a friend in list with downloaded timetables. Click “Common” and then select a certain period. Then click “cal !”. Is the list of common free time correct and in chronological order?

2.	  Tick a group of friends in list with downloaded timetables.  Click “Common” and then select a certain period. Then click “cal !”. Is the list of common free time correct and in chronological order?

3.	  Tick a friend who is busy in this period in the left sub list. Click “cal !” again. Is the list of common free time changed accordingly?